**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
finish reading template 0
finish reading template 1
finish reading template 2
finish reading template 3
finish reading template 4
finish reading template 5
finish reading template 6
finish reading template 7
finish reading template 8
finish reading template 9
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
finish reading template 0
finish reading template 1
finish reading template 2
finish reading template 3
finish reading template 4
finish reading template 5
finish reading template 6
finish reading template 7
finish reading template 8
finish reading template 9
finish reading template 10
finish reading template 11
finish reading template 12
finish reading template 13
finish reading template 14
finish reading template 15
finish reading template 16
finish reading template 17
finish reading template 18
finish reading template 19
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
finish reading template 0
finish reading template 1
finish reading template 2
finish reading template 3
finish reading template 4
finish reading template 5
finish reading template 6
finish reading template 7
finish reading template 8
finish reading template 9
finish reading template 10
finish reading template 11
finish reading template 12
finish reading template 13
finish reading template 14
finish reading template 15
finish reading template 16
finish reading template 17
finish reading template 18
finish reading template 19
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
finish reading template 0
finish reading template 1
finish reading template 2
finish reading template 3
finish reading template 4
finish reading template 5
finish reading template 6
finish reading template 7
finish reading template 8
finish reading template 9
finish reading template 10
finish reading template 11
finish reading template 12
finish reading template 13
finish reading template 14
finish reading template 15
finish reading template 16
finish reading template 17
finish reading template 18
finish reading template 19
gesture is # 4
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 6
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 9
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 9
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 2
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 2
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 3
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 8
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 8
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 6
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 7
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 9
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 5
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 4
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 5
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
finish reading template 0
finish reading template 1
finish reading template 2
finish reading template 3
finish reading template 4
finish reading template 5
finish reading template 6
finish reading template 7
finish reading template 8
gesture is # 4
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 6
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 5
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 7
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 2
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 8
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 2
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 3
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 6
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 7
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 4
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 5
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 2
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 3
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
finish reading template 0
finish reading template 1
finish reading template 2
finish reading template 3
finish reading template 4
finish reading template 5
finish reading template 6
finish reading template 7
finish reading template 8
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 1
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 2
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 3
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 5
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 4
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 5
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 6
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 7
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 8
**********begin gesture
finish quantizing AccBuffer
gesture is # 0
